Document Assigned Attributes of Pipeline Components (#9041)
explosion/spaCy: website/docs/api/sentencerecognizer.md

A trainable pipeline component for sentence segmentation. For a simpler,
rule-based strategy, see the [`Sentencizer`](/api/sentencizer).

## Assigned Attributes {#assigned-attributes}

Predicted values will be assigned to `Token.is_sent_start`. The resulting
sentences can be accessed using `Doc.sents`.

| Location              | Value                                                                                                                                         |
| --------------------- | --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |

> | `Token.is_sent_start` | A boolean value indicating whether the token starts a sentence. After the parser runs this will be `True` or `False` for all tokens. ~~bool~~ |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `Token.is_sent_start` | A boolean value indicating whether the token starts a sentence. This will be either `True` or `False` for all tokens. ~~bool~~ |
```

> | `Doc.sents`           | An iterator over sentences in the Doc, determined by `Token.is_sent_start` values. ~~Iterator[Span]~~                                         |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `Doc.sents`           | An iterator over sentences in the `Doc`, determined by `Token.is_sent_start` values. ~~Iterator[Span]~~                                         |
```
